Unwrap dynamic error types when inner is simple `PyErr` (#3004)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/migration.md

This guide can help you upgrade code through breaking changes from one PyO3 version to the next.
For a detailed list of all changes, see the [CHANGELOG](changelog.md).

## from 0.18.* to 0.19

### Smarter `anyhow::Error` / `eyre::Report` conversion when inner error is "simple" `PyErr`

When converting from `anyhow::Error` or `eyre::Report` to `PyErr`, if the inner error is a "simple" `PyErr` (with no source error), then the inner error will be used directly as the `PyErr` instead of wrapping it in a new `PyRuntimeError` with the original information converted into a string.

```rust
# #[cfg(feature = "anyhow")]
# #[allow(dead_code)]
# mod anyhow_only {
# use pyo3::prelude::*;
use anyhow::Result;
fn raise_err() -> anyhow::Result<_> {
    // Here we simulate a simple `PyErr` is raised

>     Err(PyValueError::new_err("Rust Value Error"))?;

Reviewer: While this works, it is bit confusing, maybe better do

```rust
Err(PyValueError::new_err("original error message").into())
```

}

fn main() {
    Python::with_gil(|py| {
        let res = raise_err();

>         // Similar conversion is performed when the function is wrapped with #[pyfunction]

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to just define a `#[pyfunction]` in the example and call that using `wrap_pyfunction!` and `py_run!` instead of hinting at this in a comment.

For a detailed list of all changes, see the [CHANGELOG](changelog.md).

## from 0.18.* to 0.19

### Smarter `anyhow::Error` / `eyre::Report` conversion when inner error is "simple" `PyErr`

When converting from `anyhow::Error` or `eyre::Report` to `PyErr`, if the inner error is a "simple" `PyErr` (with no source error), then the inner error will be used directly as the `PyErr` instead of wrapping it in a new `PyRuntimeError` with the original information converted into a string.

```rust
# #[cfg(feature = "anyhow")]
# #[allow(dead_code)]
# mod anyhow_only {
# use pyo3::prelude::*;
# use pyo3::exceptions::PyValueError;
#[pyfunction]
fn raise_err() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    Err(PyValueError::new_err("original error message").into())
}

fn main() {
    Python::with_gil(|py| {
        let rs_func = wrap_pyfunction!(raise_err, py).unwrap();
        pyo3::py_run!(py, rs_func, r"
        try:
            rs_func()
        except Exception as e:
            print(repr(e))
        ");
    })
}
# }
```

Before, the above code would have printed `RuntimeError('ValueError: original error message')`, which might be confusing.

> After, the same code will print `ValueError: Rust Value Error`, which is more straightforward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After, the same code will print `ValueError: original error message`, which is more straightforward.
```
